Interviewer: Brayden
Interviewee: Jeremy
Scribe: David
Key: Q= Question, A = Answer

Q: Which way has highest priority when styles cascade: inline, internal, and external stylesheets. Which is best practice? Why?
A: Inline interal, and external. inline is within HTML element. internal is within the document itself with the opening and closing style tags. External you import a css file.

Q: Explain how the guard and default operators work
A: Not sure if this was covered.

Q: What tags would you use to create a table?
A: in HTML, you use opening and closing tag. td is for column tr is for row. you organize according to how you want your table to look like. tr's go into td's.

Interviewer: Jeremy
Interviewee: David
Scribe: Davey
Key: Q= Question, A = Answer, S = Scribe notes

Q:Within Js what is event propagation and what are the two types.

A:Event propagation is the propagation of events. However what I think you are looking for is looking for an event listener. Which is when you define an event that
looks for an event to happen and then executes a fuction. For example we can set up an event for a button which could be on click which looks for  the button to a 
clicked which once clicked would run a fuction we have written in JS which will print "Hooray!"

-When talking about bubbling and caputing: One goes from top to bottom and the other goes from bottom to top. For an example if you were to have a burger and talk about how you
 want your meat cooked raw -> rare > medium rare etc, etc. If you did bubbling it would go in to out so medium rare > rare > raw and capturing would be out to in raw > rare > medium rare.
  S: Jeremy was looking for Bubbling / capturing but David went into setting up Event Listening.

Q:Name within JS name a few different types of functions and describe them

A:The one we are most familar with is console.log which prints the specified information to the console. ....(Blanks for a bit when told Console.log() was more so a method).. 
let's see some other functions . . . . (blank)... I know of callback functions are if you didn't implement a function already and you want to implement the function later 
but another function needs it you can pass it in but define it later.
  S:I got a little lost following some of these answers. David seems to not yet fully understand the different functions in JS and how they function / their syntax.

Q:What is normalization and what are the three types?

A:There are 3 types n123. N1 ..uhh... I know n2n3 one of them either has transatives dependancies and I think n3 has no dependancies. Normalization is reducing your 
tables to the simplist forms they can be.
  S:Had the basics of the forms but wasn't sure on which form was what.

Interviewer: David
Interviewee: Brayden
Scribe: Jeremy
Key: Q= Question, A = Answer

Q: What is the syntax for a comment in HTML?
A: The syntax is the same of most languages - slash slash for a single line comment, slash star star slash for multi line comment...

Q: What is JSON? Is it different from JS objects?
A: JSON is the way that data gets transferred from the front end to the backend. JSON is the language that JS uses to read information. Conversion when you are trying to convert
data from one type to a different type. 

Q: What is the difference between == and ===? Which one allows for type coercion?
A: == compares non literal values, for example if you have the integer 5 vs the string 5, they would come out equal. Triple equals compares literal values so it compares the 
value and type. So in that case it would be false. 

Interviewer: 
Interviewee: Davey
Scribe: Jeremy 
Key: Q= Question, A = Answer

Q: What are all the datatypes in JS?
A: The data in JS primitives: boolean, number, strings, undefined - objects: arrays - can take in multiple values at once. Symbol, null. Undefined is a variable that is declared 
but undefined. Object is the only non primitive. 

Q: What are the two keywords to declare variables in the block scope? What is the difference between them?
A: let and const so let mean that a variable cannot be redeclared but can be reassigned. Const mean not redeclared and not redefined. Similar to final in Java. 

Q: What is a template literal, how is it declared, and how do you include JS elements within it? 
A: Declared via the backticks , better than concatenation, ${} to include JS elements
