Interviewer: David Wysocki
Interviewee: Jeremy Steinhafel
Scribe: Gerardo Barnett

Question 1: What is Deadlock?
Response: Describes where one or two threads become locked

Question 2: What are the ACID principles?
Response: Atomicity makes sure it is the smallest unit possible, consistency data is in a consistent state, isolation each transaction happens alone by itself, durability after a transaction it's donde, it changes to done or undone. 

Question 3: What is a SQL Injection?
Response: A malicious way to insert values into a database like changing values to  certain table, delete or alter tables, etc

Question 4: How would you setup a primary key that automatically increments with every INSERT Statement?
Response: Use the keyword serial

Question 5: When do you use extends or implements keywords?
Response: extends is for an classes, implements is for a interfaces



Interviewer: Tricia Goodwin
Interviewee: Gerardo Barnett
Scribe: Jeremy Steinhafel

Question 1: What is JRE / JDK / JVM?
Response 1: JDK - Java Development Kit - provides tools to develop Java, JRE - Java Runtime Environment - part of the JDK that provides resources, JVM - Java Virtual Machine - can run java anywhre

Question 2: What is the default Maven build lifecycle?
Response 2: Validate, Compile, Test, Package, Verify, Install, Deploy

Question 3: What is a Marker interface?
Response 3: Interface with no methods or constants, run-time information about objects

Question 4: What is the difference between a scalar function and an aggregte function?
Response 4: Aggregate function operates on multiple fields, while scalar does a single record independent

Question 5: What is a cascade delete?
Response 5: Delete Cascade is when a reference row is deleted in a child table and then the parent table portion is deleted.


Interviewer: Jeremy Steinhafel
Interviewee: David Wysocki
Scribe: Tricia Goodwin


Question 1: What are the 5 sublanguages of SQL? Which commands correspond to them?
Response 1:  DDL, DML, DQL, then there's transactionsal, yeah, TCL, there's also one that does rollback, actually thats TCL, I think I'm missing one with D, Yeah, DCL.

Question 2: Explain what the ORDER BY and GROUP BY clauses do
Response 2: Order by can do like order by ascending or descending values, group by is another way to order it by a column. Group rows that have the same value in rows.

Question 3: What is a candidate key?
Response 3: A candidate key, if i am not mistaken is a key that can potentially be used as a primary or foreign key. The exact same thing as a primary key.

Question 4: What is the difference between Statement and PreparedStatement?
Response 4: So a prepared statement is one that you prepare in  the backend, you are structuring the statement in the backend to send to the database.
Statements work the same way but you do not use them any time that you have frontend input as that makes it open to SQL injection.

Question 5: What does it mean to serialize / deserialize an object in Java?
Response 5: So when it comes to seriralizing and deserializing you are marking its position. Serializing data is preparing it for transfer,
you serialize it to prepare it for transfer and deserialize it when you receive it.

Interviewee: Tricia Goodwin
Interviewer: Gerardo Barnett
Scribe: David Wysocki



Question 1: What is OOP
Response 1: OOP is Object oriented programming, its a style of programming dealing with objects and relationships with objects.

Question 2: what are the four pillars of OOP and descibe each one
Response 2: Encapsulation involves keeping data within objects private you do this by setting objects private and use setters/getters
Inheritance is when a child inherits methods and classes from the parents
Polymorphism is allowing a method to have multiple forms
ABstraction involves hiding away boilerplate code, lets us utilize frameworks

Question 3: Explain to me the scopes of a variable
Response 3: Class scope only accessible within a class, method scopes in methods, block scopes for for loops, global available everywhere.

Question 4: Tell me the difference between a class and an object
Response 4: An object is an instance of a class, created from a constructor. Class creates instances of objects.

Question 5: What's an interface
Response 5: Can contain methods or not, can contain metadeta for the program. Has a method declaration but not implementation. 