11/15/2021 Monday
Check ins
Albert
Yesterday: Studied for 1 on 1 + QC, set up maven project for project 1
Today: Set up db schema and dao layer for project 1
Blockers: None

Bruno:
Yesterday: Finished Project 0, Studied for QC and One on One.
Started Project 1 - Set the log4j2, - Created package structure.
Today: Did the assessment for javascript, html, css, ajax content. solved JavaScript optional exercises. Review the material of last week. 
Blockers: None

Kendrick
Yesterday: I studied for QC. Tried to work on creating the html for the front end.
Today: Finish creating the classes in Java and finish the css for the front end. Practice Js in codecademy. Study for QC.
Blockers: I had my son all weekend.

Bezza
Yesterday: I studied for QC. Created the database and general structure of my project1.
Today: I did more review of last week’s notes for the one-on-one and for the QC. Took the one-on-one and the QC quiz. I will be taking part in the group mock-interview. Later in the day I will be working on the front-end part of my project, particularly on the login page.
Blockers: I am not feeling very well since last week and I am not accomplishing as much as I would like to.

Mock interviews
	Interviewee: Albert
	Interviewer: Bruno
	Q1: What are the new features of ES6?
	Var, but now you have let and const, which are both block and or function scoped
	Q2: What is bubbling and capturing and what are the differences?
    Bubbling is when an event in the DOM bubbles or travels from the innermost child all the way up to the parent element. Capturing goes the other way around from outermost to innermost.
	Q3: Explain what strict mode does.
    One of the key features of “use strict”; is that you can no longer use variable or function hoisting.

    Interviewee: Bruno
	Interviewer: Kendrick
	Q1: What is AJAX and why do we use it?
	AJAX is asynchronous javascript and for http requests mostly.
	Q2: What are callback functions? What about self invoking functions?
    Not sure. Talked about it with everyone. Callback functions are where you can pass a function into another function, and self invoking are where the functions are invoked with parenthesis.
	Q3: What are javascript objects? How do you create them?
    Not sure. Bezza: JavaScript objects are created with {} and key value pairs. Arrays use square brackets.

	Interviewee: Kendrick
	Interviewer: Bezza
	Q1: What is the difference between undefined and null?
    Good question. Null is a primitive data type. Undefined is a number that doesn’t equal a value. You got me. Bezza: Undefined is the default value of a variable that is declared but not assigned. 
	Q2: What are the important HTTP verbs and what do they do?
	GET is like select from a table therefore it retrieves information
    POST is like inserting into a table so sending information and creating something in the table
    DELETE
    UPDATE
	Q3: List the levels of HTTP status codes and what they mean.
	0 is unsent
	4 is done
	100 is informational
	200 are successful
    300 are redirection
    400 are client error
    500 are server errors
    
	Interviewee: Bezza
	Interviewer: Albert
    Q1: What is the DOM? Is there a specific data structure that the DOM uses? What object in a browser allows us to interact with the DOM?
    Document object model in which html elements are structured hierarchically for javascript to manipulate. Tree. Document.
	Q2: Explain how the guard and default operators work.
    AND and OR operators. When the first part of the comparison is true the AND operator will have to check the second and return the second object if both elements are true.
    Once the first element is true, it doesn’t bother about the second element; it would return the first element. newObj = newObj || {}
    Q3: What is JSON? Is it different from JS objects?
    JSON is javascript object notation which is a lightweight javascript interchange method.
    JSON is based on JS objects as the name indicates so the only difference is JS objects the key should be a string but in JS the key doesn’t have to be a string.
    
    11/16/2021 Tuesday
Check ins
Albert
Yesterday: Set up db schema and helped a whole bunch of people study for QC and 1 on 1s
Today: Set up dao layer
Blockers: None

Kendrick
Yesterday: I studied for QC. Tried to work on creating the html for the front end. Finished the database
Today: Finish creating the DAO layer and Postgres. Study for QC.
Blockers: None.

Bezza
Yesterday: I modified my database schema. I created html login page in the controller layer of my project.
Today: After the QC I will work on my project and review today’s lessons. I will be take part in the group mock-interview.
Blockers: No obstacles.

Mock interviews:
	Interviewee: Albert
	Interviewer: Kendrick
	Q1: What are some ways you can use functions in JS?
	Functions are used to run JavaScript in the browser.
	Q2: List the steps to sending an AJAX request.
First instantiate the XMLHTTPRequest Object, then set the type of request and any information with the request and the last step is to send the request to the api end point specified. AJAX stands for Asynchronous Javascript and XML.
	Q3: What is the difference between a block and inline element?
A block element takes up the entire row, whereas an inline element does not take up the entire row and can sit next to other elements.

	Interviewee: Kendrick
	Interviewer: Bezza
	Q1: What is the difference between a class and ID?
Id selector has to be unique. Therefore it only indicates one element, so only one element can have one id so it has to be unique. Multiple elements can have a class for functionality.
	Q2: In JS, what are the different ways to declare global variables?
By using let, var, or const. Const means the variable cannot be reassigned or declared. Let means you can reassign. Var can be reassigned and declared.
Albert: var means the variable is in the global namespace. Result without var that is also global by default. Hoist a var typed variable.  
	Q3: How would you insert a new element into the DOM?
Declare a new object. Use document.getElementById. Then use innerHTML on that element. Bezza: append method.

	Interviewee: Bezza
	Interviewer: Albert
	Q1: What new features did ES6 introduce?
	Semantic elements, let and const, arrow functions
	Q2: What is a promise?
A promise is what fetch returns as it awaits the result that fetch returns as it awaits. It could be. If there is an error with the connection or something similar, it would be null, else finally there is false would be returned.
	Q3: Explain the CSS box model.
The css box model has the document model as nested boxes beginning from the margin inward, padding, and border should be outside. Border outside, and then margin, padding, and then content.  Margin, border, padding, content.

