Interviewer: Name
	Interviewee: Name
	Scribe: Name

	Question || Note ||Answered properly (1pt):
	ie:
	What is Java?
	- Java is... eh *redacted*... an OOP language.
	  Interviewee sounds unsure of his answer, curses a lot
	  (.25/1)
	- ...

Interviewer: Bruno
Interviewee: Kendrick
Scribe: Jeremy

What are packages and imports? 

Package and imports are features used in a java file. Predefining our program. Importing Repositories - classes, methods, inheritance.

What is static?

Keyword used to protect the fields and methods of a class. Instance of itself instead of an instance of the object. 
Can be used in methods, fields, 

What is the scope of variables in Java?
Method scope 
block scope
class scope
variable scope

What is a constructor?
Constructor is a special method in java - same name as the class. 
Default constructor is created. 

What is Java?
Java is a OOP language created by sun microscopes, backed by oracle.
Most developers favor java - high scalability, client server
Typed language, compliled language
JDK, JRE, JVM
JVM takes compiled language and displays it to the console. 

How do you create an array in Java?
Give the array a name
Bracket = 2 curly brackets 
can be string array

Interview Prep - Peer Review

Guidelines
- Meet with at two of your batchmates.
	- 1 interviewer
		- The interviewer's responsibility is to ask 3-4 questions to the interviewee from different sections of the curriculum
			- An interview focus can be provided by the interviewee (ie Focus on Threads)
	- 1 interviewee
		- The interviewee's responsibility is to answer the questions to the best of their ability, if a question is unknown practice answering as you would in an interview setting
	- 1 scribe
		- The scribe's responsibility is to take notes of the question asked and the answer provided by the interviewee in additional to any notes relevant to softskills 

Example format:

	Interviewer: Jeremy
	Interviewee: Bruno
	Scribe: Kendrick

	Question || Note ||Answered properly (1pt):
	ie:
	
1.What is is the different control statements? and what they do
	_ if statements if -else , while, for each.
missed do while
2. what are the primitive data types.
byte, short, integer, float, double, char, boolean, long

3. what is differenc between == and .equals?
== points to the memory a value. then .equals point to the object.
4. What is the difference between the stack and the heap?
the heap is where th object is instaninated during run time. The stack is where each thread run and where the variables are located in memory.
5.What is the difference between string, strig buffer, string builder?
String builder is another type of thing and it is flexible in size and string builder is not thread safe. String buffer is thread safe.
6. What is the first line of any constructor?
Has the class name. Can be public.
7. What are the 4 pillars of OOp?
Inheritance, encapsulation, polymorphism, abstraction. Polmorphism is when u over ride or overload. Abstraction is when you 
encapsulation is when you protect the states and behaviours.


	

- Conduct practice interviews with one another for each of the 3 members and take turns playing each role
- At the end of each interview review the questions asked and discuss/research as needed
- Feel free to provide constructive criticism but do so in a professional manner
- Once all of the interviews are completed, push the notes taken for each individual to the common repository.

Interviewer: Kendrick
    Interviewee: Jeremy
    Scribe: Bruno
Question  Note  Answered properly (1pt):

    What are the three uses of super keyword?
    - First use of the keyword Super is in a constructor to setup the variable
    - Super use I variable method em constructor
    - Variable data type
    - Super call the variable the is most local 
    - Method 
    - Possibility of 
    - Parent class resort the ambiguity between the parent and the
    (1/1)

What is the difference between static and final?
    - Static  end is referred to use within the class.
    - Final is used in variable declaration in
    (.5/1)

What is the difference an array list a Vector?
    - Both are data types 
    - resize ArrayList
    - Synchronize refer to the execution in the thread in the program 
    - synchronize keyword is use the wait the time to be executed in the thread
    (1/1)

Explain throw vs Throws vs Throwable.
    - Throwable is the Class
    - throws is in the method
    - throw key the actually does the throw manually
    (1/1)

What are Generics?
    - Change the date type using the daemon operator
        Answer was explaing 
    (.5/1)