 Interviewer: Andrew 
Interviewee: Andre
Scrib: Patience

What is abstraction?    .75/1
Takes a moment….answer general ….ask if more detail is needed...one of the four pillars. used for hiding complex ideas.

What is encapsulation    1/1
Takes a moment...answers with general example and specific example with code structure
Private, access...
one of the pillars, taking code and bundling it, used a high-level example, used a specific example. Setting access modifiers.
protected private default. setting code apart from other code, don't want to be modified.
very detailed response.

What is polymorphism    1/1
Answers with two types of polymorphism, and specific examples of overridden 
- one of the pillars
code having multiple forms, used examples, method overloading, method overriding,parent class, child class. used examples, parent method is represented in child class, very detailed response.

-------------------------------

Scrib: Andrew
Interviewer: Andre
Interviewee: Patience

Q. Difference between an object and a class?  (1/1)
A. object is a blueprint from a class. quick answer. object

Q. Can you explain access modifiers to me? List them from least to most secure. (1/1)
physically the state of your fields, for instance...
examples, high level.
private, public, protected. Different levels of access. Packages have different access.

4. What can you tell me about threads?  (.9/1)
A. when you start a thread, the compiler goes to the main method but you can have threads going at the same time. ArrayList depending. Some allow multiple threads to go through
Described importance. Depends on how many threads you have open in background.

------------------------


Scrib: Andre
Interviewer: Patience
Interviewee: Andrew

 Question 1: What is the difference between the comparable and comparator interfaces
	-Not confident in answer, no answer (0.2/1)

 Question 2: What is Log4J?

	- Visual pondering, haven't studied enough, no answer. (0.2/1)

 Question 3: What is a commit?

	-Slow, takes time, not too slow. Pauses. Words become stagnated, Taking time to pause            could help.(0.9/1).

Question 4: Where are primitive data-types stored?

	-Clear explanation, quickly answered, also mentioning the heap and the connections between the two . (1/1)

Question 5: What are packages and imports?

	-Vague in terms of examples?, words stagnant. Maybe take time to pause. (0.8/1).
