Peter, Tricia, Hannah, Gerardo

Catchup-
Peter:
Yesterday: started work on database for P1, studied for QC
Today: Expand work on P1, study for QC

Gerardo:
Yesterday: Practiced with JavaScript and Pokemon lesson
Today: Study for QC

Tricia:
Yesterday: Friday looked back at Kevin's notes and tried to really undertand what was going on with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and HTTP with 
the pokemon activity
Today: Start working on P1 and study for QC

Hannah:
Yesterday: Began framework for P1, answered questions on the Week5 review for QC
Today: Continue work on P1, finish HackerRank, Study for QC
**Having issues with my gitHub when I try to push. I lost my content for P1 because branches were behind one another and 
could not pull. Thought I fixed it. 

We did a mock interview, I wish I had better notes for that because I listed the question and response for every person. 
Some questions were on core Java(pillars of OOP, Java defninition, constructors), others were from last week's lessons(HTML, CSS, DOM).
I lost all the notes when I pushed the blank document without saving and closed the notepad. I am used to nano-ing on gitbash 
instead where it reminds me to save. I apologize. 

What I do know is that everyone was professional and it was helpful to see areas that may be lacking. Everyone was able to chime in
to assist the interviewee on keywords that may have been missed. 




Don't worry, it's not long because I didn't really get to add Yesterday's!
Tuesday 11/16
Peter:
Yesterday: Studied for QC, worked on P1 creating database in dbeaver and making some corrections to user postgres
Today: continue work on dbeaver, change postgres based on what we learned this morning

Gerardo:
Yesterday: Studied for QC
Today: Plan on working on P1 and set up structure. Start dbeaver database.

Tricia:
Yesterday: Finished database and started working on interfaces in P1. Looked into setting up tests to try TDD
Today: Continue looking into tests

Hannah:
Yesterday: Studied for QC and watched videos on HTTP and AJAX, set up database, started writing methods in my services layer, started testing
Today: Continue my work on testing and developing methods. Want to understand and implement mockito.

