Group name: The B.A.D Boys
Date: 12/16/21
Brayden Whitlock, Alex Darvin,  Davey Agrinsoni

Interviewie: Brayden
Interviewer: Davey
Scribe: It's a ghost (I wonder who it could be)

1. Q: So Mr Whitlock, What happens when you do not define a constructor for a class?
	A:You get an error, if you want to use the object and call... a new instance of the object then you need a constructor to do so. If a constructor is not defined you get an error(Compile time error). Constructor that references super Class is generated by default (default constructor).

2. Q: What makes a class immutable(unchangeable)?
	A: In order to make a change, they need to be redefined (changes how it's referenced in the heap). Final keyword.

3. Q: What is normalization?
	A: It is a way to make our code as easy to read and use as possible.  There are 3 different tiers. It is a process by which code is made more easily usable.  Tier 1 is needed to use tier 2, and tier 2 to use tier 3.  It's all about making tables have the correct information and avoid using duplicate information/calls.  Tier 1 -getting rid of dupes. Tier 2 -getting rid of partial dependencies. Tier 3 -no transitive dependencies

4. Q: What are the 5 sublanguages of SQL?
	A: Transactional Control Language(TCL), DDL(Data Definition Language, DQL(Data Query Language), DCL(Data Control Language), Data Manipulation Language(DML)


Interviewie: Alex
Interviewer: Brayden
Scribe: Davey
1. Q:What are the variable scopes
	A:Global interview he context of the whole app
		Class scope scope of class
		Block scope for a single block like a for loop
		I know method isn't one but I cannot recall the fourth let me think perhaps variable 
		scope?
	A:It was method Omegalul he got the rest though.
2. Q:What is a candidate key
	A:I am drawing a blank and cannot recall what is a candidate key.
	CA: Something about primary keys and columns
3. Q: What are some SQL clauses you can sue with select statements
	A:Some clauses include where, orderly and having I do not remember others. (He was not 
	confident with these answers besides where)
4. Q: What is the root class from which everything extends
	A:Isn't that the SUPER class? (BZZZ WRONG) OH the object class is what you're looking for.


Interviewie: Davey
Interviewer: Alex
Scribe: Brayden
1. Q: What are the primitive data types in java?
	A: boolean, byte, short, float, long, int, double, char
2. Q: What is the first line of any constructor?
	A: includes name of constructor, parameters? 
	CA: public [constructor name]([parameters]){}
3. Q: How would you set up a primary key that would auto increment inside a database?
	A: add id serial primary key
4. Q: What conditions lead to orphan records. 
	A: orphan records are called when a referenced foreign key is deleted but the thing that
		 it references doesn't exist 





