Group name: The B.A.D Boys
Date: 12/13/21
Brayden Whitlock, Alex Darvin,  Davey Agrinsoni


Interviewie: Brayden
Interviewer: Alex
Scribe: Davey Giovanni Agrinoni Laureano 
 1. What does the @Transaction annotation do?
	-Specifies that the module will have a transaction in it and it has 
	access to the transaction modules

 2. What is a proxy?
	-A proxy is a placeholder object that gives access to a bunch of annotations that can be used
	 
 3. What are the advantages to using a RT
	It's easy to understand the url path and allows any new user to accurately understand what 
	the url path will be. 
 4. What are the 3 types of Dis
 	-Method, class and something like global. It's not called global but it's something like 
	global.
	A: Constructor,Setter and field. 
5. What are the scopes of Spring Beans
	Global, Class, method, can't remember the other two. OH Singleton is the default.
	A:Missed Prototype,Request and session.


Interviewie: Alex
Interviewer: Davey 
Scribe: Brayden 
 1.Q: What is the naming conventions for methods in Spring Data repositories?
	A: lower snake case 
 2.Q: What is the difference between @RequestMapping and @GetMapping?
	A: get mapping = specific get request  request mapping = mapping for whatever request 
	you want  
	CA: different scopes
 3.Q: What is the Spring Bean lifecycle?
	A: the bean is created the container created the instance of the bean, the dependencies
	 are injected then the bean is destroyed. 
	CA: the bean is instantiated, the services are made aware of the bean, the bean is used,
	 the bean is destroyed 
 4.Q: What is @Value used for?
	A: don't know 
	CA: used to give a default value to an object. 
 5.Q: What are the different types of advice? What is special about the @Around advice?
      How is the ProceedingJoinPoint used?
	A: join point, pointcut, advice?? @before, @after, @after_returning, @after_throwing, @around
	CA: ProceedingJoinPoint - used to control the code flow. 

Interviewie: Davey
Interviewer: Brayden 
Scribe: Alex
 1.Q: What is IoC and what does the IoC Container do?
	A: Inversion of control, a design paradigm where you invert controls and how a method is executed.  Method execution is handled automatically but user has less control.  Container handles instantiation and dependency injection for Spring Beans
	
 2.Q: What does convention over configuration mean?
	A: A design paradigm were a developer only needs to define unique configuration for their project. saves programing time
 3.Q: What is the Spring Boot Actuator and what information can it give you?
	A: Allows you to view different endpoints of your program via HTTP responses and view the health of your application.
 4.Q: What annotation would you use to bypass the ViewResolver?
	A: @PathVariable - retrieves a value from path URL, @requestParam - looks at query params of URL retrieves value of each key in query
 5.Q: What do the @Configuration and @Bean annotations do
	A: @Configuration indicates that multiple beans are being used within the class.  @Bean indicates a method level bean being used.






