Group name: The B.A.D Boys
Date: 12/20/21
Brayden Whitlock, Alex Darvin,  Davey Agrinsoni

Group to do list 
 1. Figure out how to show our tables on the front end. 
 2. Find out how to display different pages with the same tag. 
 3. Find out if we need to add anything to the smoothies, user and ingredient objects in order to add 
	pictures.
 4. Figure out how to display ingredients with an ngFor.
 5. Figure out how to make a smoothie by clicking on a bunch of ingredients.
 6. Make a list that saves the amount of ingredients that we will use. Or find some other way to do 
	it
 7. Find out how to add Admin to the prod environment.  
 8. Potentially use components to split up our pages so that we can reuse functionality in other 
	places.
 9. QC after lunch 
10. Add a url string to user so that the new user can choose from a list of predetermined profile 
	pics. (Potentially use an api to get a bunch of random profile picks)
11. Fix the problem with our many to many tables between smoothie and ingredients. 
12. Potentially integrate spring cloud. If a micro service in necessary.
13. Write a paragraph about BlenderBuddies (include what it will do and nothing else)
14. Add user profile
15. Update user profile. 



Brayden:
What did you do yesterday?:
 - Figure out how to display ingredients with an ngFor. 
What will you work on today?:
 -   Fix the problem with our many to many tables between smoothie and ingredients. 
	Figure out how to make a smoothie by clicking on a bunch of ingredients.
Any blockers:
 - none 

Alex
What did you do yesterday?:
 - worked on enabling user profile to use the user api.
What will you work on today?:
 -  Remaking navbar to include user and admin functionality. Add user profile and update
	user profile. 
Any blockers:
 - none

Davey
What did you do yesterday?:
 - Start posting new data to the new ingredients table. Integrated rest template into 
	ingredients controller. Display fruits and new ingredients onto the screen.
What will you work on today?:
 -  finish smoothie controller layer. Start working on front end implementation. 
Any blockers:
 - fixing recursion error. 
