Interviewee:  Jason
Interviewer: Sam

What is a resource in a rest service
Any local end point that might store that data that might have an end point.
you have a server and a data base.
Can you write native sql in hibernate
You can but it is not the best ideal because hibernate is to abstract the information. Using native sql will
restrict the dialect to only sql
What are the different sessions methods
sessions are criteria builder, session.get, session.createQuery.


Interviewee: Sam
Interviewer: Kendrick

What does REST stand for and what makes something Restful?
Respresentational State Transfer
Many guidlines, one is being stateless, and another is having uniform interface.
JSON or XML format as transfer data type.
What are the interfaces of Hibernate?
There is a session interface, session factory, and configuration. Those are the one's I remember,
I know there are many others, but those are the important ones.
What is a proxy?
A proxy is a dummy object that is created when you fetch lazily, the purpose is that it doesn't load an object unless it has to, to save
bandwidth I guess? and space.

Interviewer: Jason
Interviewee: Tricia
Scribe: Sam

Question 1: Can you give a couple examples of things that would make an application RESTful?

Answer : one way would be to have RESTful endpoints, endpoints that are descriptive and use resource names. 
Caching is another RESTful behaviour. 

Question 2: What are the different object states in Hibernate?
Transient - not associated with the database.
Persistent - associated with the current session and it matches what is in the database.
Detached - object is in the database and the session has ended.

Question 3: Can you describe the key property that makes a database schema in 3rd normal form?
Answer: one of the main is they have to conform to the first and second normal form.
They also have to have no transitive dependencies, columns that could be deceived from another column within the table. 


Interviewer: Tricia
Interviewee: Kendrick
Scribe: Sam

Question 1: What is JPA?
Answer : JPA stands for Java Persistence API: It's an interface with a bunch of interfaces. 
It's a concept rather than a tool, mechanism to persist objection relation and mapping.

Can you give an example of something that implements JPA?
Answer :It's used in Hibernate by using annotations to map that class to a database.


Question 2: Can you tell me the difference between eager and lazy fetching?


Answer: When you fetch eagerly you are fetching the parent object.
With eager fetch you use get method, 
With lazy fetching you use the load method.

Question 3: Can you tell me what polymorphism is ?
Answer: polymorphism means many forms. When you overload/ override a method that is one form of polymorphism. 























